Add requirements for transferring projects out of Django Commons (#504)
django-commons/membership: outgoing_repo_requirements.md

# Requirements for Outgoing Repositories

Thank you for your time maintaining a project under Django Commons!

> To see how to initiate a transfer out of Django Commons, see [How to transfer a project out?](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/blob/main/README.md#how-to-transfer-a-project-out)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how to initiate a transfer out of Django Commons, see [How to transfer a project out?](https://django-commons.org/#how-to-transfer-a-project-out)
```
What do you think of linking to django-commons.org instead of github?
